Updates to Upgrade Guide for SHE upgrade from 4.3 to 4.4 (#2645)
oVirt/ovirt-site: source/documentation/common/upgrade/proc-Upgrading_the_Manager_to_4-4.adoc

ifdef::SHE_upgrade[]
* Make note of the MAC address of the self-hosted engine if you are using DHCP and want to use the same IP address. The deploy script prompts you for this information.
* During the deployment you need to provide a new storage domain for the {engine-name} machine. The deployment script renames the 4.3 storage domain and retains its data to enable disaster recovery.

> * Set the cluster scheduling policy to `cluster_maintenance` in order to prevent automatic virtual machine migration during the upgrade.

Author: It appears that this is the correct way to phrase it and format it - see the last bullet under Step 4 of https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_virtualization/4.4/html-single/upgrade_guide#Updating_all_hosts_in_a_cluster_minor_updates

> * Set the cluster scheduling policy to `cluster_maintenance` in order to prevent automatic virtual machine migration during the upgrade.

Reviewer: I can point to plenty of instances of all kinds of stylistic and wording errors throughout our documentation. We've got passive voice all over the place, and badly formed ids and all kinds of stuff. That doesn't make it correct.

----
# engine-backup --scope=all --mode=backup --file=backup.bck --log=backuplog.log
----
. Copy the backup file to a storage device outside of the {virt-product-shortname} environment.

ifdef::SHE_upgrade[]

. Shut down the self-hosted engine.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="normal"]
----

> # poweroff

Reviewer: You use poweroff here, but you say to shut down the machine. There's a significant difference between the two, and I think you mean shut down, so the command should not be poweroff. See https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_virtualization/4.4/html/virtual_machine_management_guide/chap-administrative_tasks

Author: The Upgrade Helper specifically gives the CLI command as # poweroff, but refers to the action as "shutdown"
The VMM guide, when talking about Shutting Down  a Virtual Machine (chap 6.1), refers to both "Shutdown" and "Power Off" options in the Admin Portal /VM Portal UI.

Reviewer: Then ask Marina why. It's not correct to tell somebody to unplug the computer to turn it off, but that's what the poweroff command does. You should only use it when shutdown doesn't work.

Reviewer: @emarcusRH Please change this as noted above. The Upgrade Helper will change the wording as well.

----
+
[NOTE]
====

> Before you shut down the self-hosted engine virtual machine, write down the MAC address of the self-hosted engine network interface if you want to reuse it to deploy the {virt-product-fullname} {engine-name} 4.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to reuse the self-hosted engine virtual machine to deploy the {virt-product-fullname} {engine-name} 4.4, then before you shut it down, note the MAC address of the self-hosted engine network interface .
```
This is the wording I suggested in the Jira for the Upgrade Helper.

Author: sorry, lost the text earlier when I accepted the change in the GitHub UI, but then they were overwritten when I pushed another change from my working branch...

Author: Slightly modified the sentence order- 
If you want to reuse the self-hosted engine virtual machine to deploy the {virt-product-fullname} {engine-name} 4.4, note the MAC address of the self-hosted engine network interface before you shut it down.

> Before you shut down the self-hosted engine virtual machine, write down the mac address of the self-hosted engine network interface if you wish to reuse it for the {virt-product-fullname} {engine-name} 4.4 deployment.

Reviewer 2: Suggest you replace "wish" with want to conform to IBM style.

Author: thanks

====

. Make sure that the self-hosted engine is shut down.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="normal"]
----
# hosted-engine --vm-status | grep 'Engine status|Hostname'
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> If any of the hosts report the `detail` field as `Up`, log in to that specific host and proceed with `hosted-engine --vm-poweroff`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the hosts report the `detail` field as `Up`, log in to that specific host and shut it down with the `hosted-engine --vm-shutdown` command.
```
Again...you use a poweroff command, should be shutdown.

Author: the command is supposed to be "poweroff" according to the Upgrade Helper - which is being treated as the "source of truth" in this case

> If any of the hosts report the `detail` field as `Up`, log in to that specific host and shut it down with the `hosted-engine --vm-poweroff` command.

Reviewer: Change to use shutdown instead of poweroff.
